DOCS: Remove references to Atlassian for LocalStack (#4796)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/modules/localstack.md

> # Localstack Module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# LocalStack Module
```

> Testcontainers module for [LocalStack](http://localstack.cloud/), 'a fully functional local AWS cloud stack', to develop and test your cloud and serverless apps offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testcontainers module for [LocalStack](http://localstack.cloud/), 'a fully functional local AWS cloud stack', to develop and test your cloud and serverless apps without actually using the cloud.
```

Maybe rephrase like this? Since e.g. the container downloads certificates on startup (something I learned through the recent incident with the expired certificate), so you still need to be online.
